DOCS-669 - Update "Logs for Security" section (#5040)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/security/additional-security-features/index.md

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> "Logs for Security" is Sumo Logic's full set of features that leverage logs for security use cases. First you collect security log and event data from your infrastructure and applications, on-premises and in-cloud. Then you analyze your security data with pre-built and custom dashboards, out-of-the-box security apps, and robust queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Logs for Security" is Sumo Logic's comprehensive suite of features designed to leverage logs for security use cases. First, you collect security logs and event data from your infrastructure and applications, both on-premises and in the cloud. Then, you analyze your security data using pre-built and custom dashboards, out-of-the-box security apps, and robust queries.
```
